- I used the strategy 2R+1OppWR+NoQBvsDef+NoQB&RB. I decided on this strategy when I saw
several lineups had Carlos Hyde and Russell Wilson, which I thought was a dumb idea since passing
and rushing tend to be negatively correlated. I later learned that this is misguided, as the data
shows that a team's running back and quarterback are actually positively correlated. Some data on
this is shown here: https://www.fantasylabs.com/articles/undervalued-nfl-dfs-correlations/
- However, I used this strategy in a rush after manually inspecting the lineups, and I believe in
doing so that I failed to update the teams.py file, which I had been using a different version of
for testing. This led to some of the teams in the slate (BAL, ATL, NEP, NYJ, and TEN specifically) not
being represented in my lineups. This is a pretty stupid error that could have cost me some money by
leading to overrepresentation of certain games within the slate. For example, I noticed one of
the lineups had both DeeJay Dallas and Carlos Hyde, two Seahawks RBs, who are going to be negatively
correlated.
- As a result, I realized it would be smart to have a constraint forcing only one running back per team,
as these players will be negatively correlated. However, not making this mistake in the future would
have been preferable, as there were probably lineup opportunities I was missing. Also, a couple of
my lineups did not have any players on the opposing team, which was against my constraints.
- Also, I noticed that even when I put in the teams for the slate originally, I put in JAX instead of
JAC, which is the actual value. So, it would be wise to make a team abbreviations sheet and make sure
I am using the right ones.
- I forgot to check the lineups the morning of, which caused me to play D'Andre Swift and Kenny Golladay
in lineups, despite the fact that they were ruled out by injury. Some of these lineups ended up in the
money, so replacing them with even passable players could have easily improved these lineups
significantly. I will need to make a point to check in on injuries in the future.
